## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 4th, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 12:00pm ET / 9:00 AM PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Network Voice Room](https://discord.gg/62nq7HP5mP)
- **Moderator:** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)
- **Note Taker** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/35)

## SIG Updates

Few updates since last meeting due to US holidays
* In Jan expect to complete migration of bug backlog to public GitHub issues.
* Also expect SIG to publish roadmap for 2022 (ETA is by end of month)
* Expectation is that next round of Rev-The-Engine O3DE's ease-of-use initiative will drive documentation updates

### Networking
* Fixed iconography issues relating to Multiplayer components in Editor.

### CloudServices
* Completed update of AWS C++ SDKs to more modern version.
* Setup automation tests for Linux

## Meeting Agenda
* Highlighted current open RFC: https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/32 
    * Working on getting SIG-Build acceptance
    * Discussed at TSC as an example of what process is required for cross-SIG RFCs

## Outcomes from Discussion topics
* No comments on RFC

## Action Items
Carried from previous meeting(s):
* O3DE Marketing would like screenshots of MPS running on mobile (@lmbr-pip)
* Requests for blog posts around networking items: Entity Hierarchies, input scripting
  * Waiting on Rev-the-engine shaping of documentation needs to help set required tutorials.

* Complete SIG-Build approval for cross SIG RFC.

## Open Discussion Items

* No open discussion items