## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** [Feb 01, 2022 @ 05:00pm UTC / 12:00pm ET / 9:00 AM PT](https://lists.o3de.org/g/o3de-calendar/viewevent?repeatid=39350&eventid=1263672&calstart=2022-02-01)
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Network Voice Room](https://discord.gg/62nq7HP5mP)
- **Moderator:** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)
- **Note Taker** Pip Potter (lmbr-pip)

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/issues/42)

## SIG Updates

**What happened since the last meeting?**

* Updates to [triage guide](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/blob/main/TRIAGE_GUIDE.md)
* Added new issue reporting templates to the [MultiplayerSample](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample) repro.

## Networking
* PR for new [Multiplayer New performance level](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/pull/110). Level to be used for initial benchmarking of networking performance.
* PR for new [player spawners](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/pull/106) to cover what and where entities get spawned on player join.
* Investigation is ongoing around unexpected [disconnection issues](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/6666)
* Expect some revisions to the Networking getting started guides in conjunction with SIG-docs-community contributors.

## CloudServices
* Team is updating AWS IoT Device SDKs

## Meeting Agenda
Covered notable updates (see above)

Roadmap/Issue Backlog Notes from Chair:
* Have backlog of known issues to migrate to GitHub issues. Aim to move all issues in time for next public meeting.
* Looking for clarification about how O3DE is setting its [public roadmap](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/projects/1) so can add/manage Networking roadmap items.

## Outcomes from Discussion topics
None

## Action Items
From [previous meeting](https://github.com/o3de/sig-network/blob/main/meetings/notes/sig-meeting-20220118.md):
* _No Update_: O3DE Marketing would like screenshots of MPS running on mobile (@lmbr-pip)
     * Waiting on clarification of marketing needs, focus and content strategy for O3DE.
* _No Update_: Requests for blog posts around networking items: Entity Hierarchies, input scripting. 
     * Need to revisit with O3DE marketing committee about specific needs and timeline.
* _In Progress_: Create issue to provide Network feature breakdown for feature matrix (@lmbr-pip)
     * Sig-chair(s) meeting this week to breakdown feature matrix and provide initial draft to SIG-Network community: ETA 02/14
* _Completed_: Archive accepted RFC (@lmbr-pip)

New Items:
* _In Progress_: Migrate issue backlog fully to GitHub Issues: ETA 02/14
* _TODO_: Remove blockers to public roadmap updates for SIG-Network: ETA 02/14

## Open Discussion Items
None
